Modify Azure Storage container name and remove path (#6835)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-security/azure/activity-services/services/storage.rst

    :align: center
    :width: 80%

> Applying the following configuration, the integration will be executed every day using a credentials file for authentication. The contents of the ``insights-logs-auditlogs`` will be processed, downloading every blob available with ``.json`` extension from the last ``24 hours``. The content for these blobs is expected to be in ``json_inline`` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying the following configuration, the integration will be executed every day using a credentials file for authentication. The ``insights-logs-auditlogs`` container content will be processed, downloading every blob available with the ``.json`` extension from the last ``24 hours``. The content for these blobs is expected to be in ``json_inline`` format.
```

Wazuh rules
^^^^^^^^^^^

> Thanks to the following rules, already included in Wazuh ruleset by default, it is possible to monitor the infrastructure activity and get the related alerts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the following rules, already included in the default Wazuh ruleset, it is possible to monitor the infrastructure activity and obtain related alerts:
```
